chore: delete webpack.config.js (#229)
ant-design/x: docs/react/contributing.en-US.md

<InstallDependencies npm='$ npm test' yarn='$ yarn test'></InstallDependencies>

### Build

> Build TypeScript code to the `lib` and `es` directory, creates UMD build of antdx.

Author: ```suggestion
Build TypeScript code to the `lib` and `es` directory, creates UMD build of `@ant-design/x`.
```
